# Alumni-cell-
Alumni Cell website:-          The main page would display institute’s campus view in the background and over it institute’s main information like its details at one end would be shown.          Below that login option for alumni to be the part of Alumni association and   Following it a registration link to volunteer the alumni events and organization would be made available.          Collage of group photos  of alumni are displayed beautifully.  Then randomly a few highlights , glimpses of the institute would be displayed along with some of the best alumni achievements.            After that a table of contents about the various things related to career(like which companies would be recruiting in the particular field, internship and job opportunities available, alternate options which can be chosen, skills to be developed in that particular field, their work experience in a condensed form) maintained based on the feedback given by alumni in various fields so that would help next upcoming batches to shape their future easily.            Below that a link to register for donating scholarships towards the institute which maybe used to improve the institute either giving by giving scholarships to students, Improving institute’s infrastructure or any other way which supports the institute.           A Link for group chat option for alumni who have logged in already to the website could have a group chat among themselves.          Alumni’s feedback option and message option  would be made available to give review about the institute and suggestions for the improvement and betterment of the institute which would help the institute’s management to give it’s best in future.           Upcoming events would be scrolling one by one which keeps alumni association in active touch with the Institute.            Finally contact details of the key members of alumni association and institute’s contact details, location using google maps to have a clear idea about locality of college would be given.
